[NEAT]
# NEAT Algorithm Parameters
fitness_criterion     = max
fitness_threshold     = 10000
pop_size              = 70
reset_on_extinction   = True

[DefaultGenome]
# Activation Function Parameters
activation_default      = tanh
activation_mutate_rate  = 0.1
activation_options      = tanh relu sigmoid cube

# Aggregation Function Parameters
aggregation_default     = sum
aggregation_mutate_rate = 0.1
aggregation_options     = sum product min max median

# Bias Parameters
bias_init_mean          = 0.0
bias_init_stdev         = 1.0
bias_max_value          = 10.0
bias_min_value          = -10.0
bias_mutate_power       = 1.0
bias_mutate_rate        = 0.8
bias_replace_rate       = 0.2

# Compatibility Coefficients for Speciation
compatibility_disjoint_coefficient = 1.2
compatibility_weight_coefficient   = 0.7

# Connection Mutation Rates
conn_add_prob           = 0.4
conn_delete_prob        = 0.3

# Connection Enable Mutation
enabled_default         = True
enabled_mutate_rate     = 0.05

# Initial Network Structure
feed_forward            = True
initial_connection = full_direct

# Node Mutation Rates
node_add_prob           = 0.3
node_delete_prob        = 0.1

# Network Structure Parameters
num_hidden              = 4
num_inputs              = 4
num_outputs             = 3

# Node Response Parameters
response_init_mean      = 1.0
response_init_stdev     = 0.0
response_max_value      = 10.0
response_min_value      = -10.0
response_mutate_power   = 0.5
response_mutate_rate    = 0.1
response_replace_rate   = 0.05

# Connection Weight Parameters
weight_init_mean        = 0.0
weight_init_stdev       = 1.0
weight_max_value        = 10.0
weight_min_value        = -10.0
weight_mutate_power     = 1.0
weight_mutate_rate      = 0.4
weight_replace_rate     = 0.3

[DefaultSpeciesSet]
# Species Set Parameters
compatibility_threshold = 2.5

[DefaultStagnation]
# Stagnation Control Parameters
species_fitness_func = max
max_stagnation       = 4
species_elitism      = 2

[DefaultReproduction]
# Reproduction Parameters
elitism            = 1
survival_threshold = 0.2
